Welcome back.
We have our data but it's still kind of dirty.
I mean we haven't really filtered.
I only care about the stories with over 100 votes.
And we also want a pretty way to display them.
So let's work on that.
I want to create a function and we'll call it create custom Hacker News and this create custom Hacker
News is going to receive links and votes which we have about over here now in here.
What we're going to do is we're going to create a new Hacker News list that is empty to start off with.
And for now all I want to do is return the hacker news list.
But within this list I only want to add the text and none of the ACM out.
So for example for the links we only care about the title.
So how can we do that.
We want to loop through some things.
What we're going to do is say for and we'll use enumerate here.
So we're gonna have an index and then an item and in here we're going to enumerate.
Remember we've seen the innumerate before which gives us an index as well.
And we're going to enumerate the links and I'll show you why we want to enumerate.
And the second so in here I want to grab the title of each link by simply doing this.
We're going to say link of index or less changes to idea X. That's a little nicer.
So we're going to grab the index of each link and we can use something in beautiful soup called get
taxed.
And this is going to get the text inside of the tech and just to get us started on this.
I'm going to just simply say Hacker News dot append and add to the list the title so let's see what
happens when I call this I'm going to say create custom Hacker News I'm gonna pass it the links and
the votes.
So let's save run this and it looks like I cannot spell enumerate here.
So let's fix that should be a new merit with E.
Let's try that again.
All right.
No errors but we want to ideally print this.
So let's just say
and see what we get.
I'm going to run this.
All right.
Look at that.
We have all of the texts the titles of our links.
That's great.
OK.
But these titles are useless without a link.
Right.
And if you remember a link in an HMO is defined with what we call an H ref.
This H ref attribute is the link that we can click to go to the next page or to the page of this title
so we can also grab that and we can call it H ref.
And this is going to equal lengths index and this time around we don't want to get the text.
We want to get the attribute right.
So we can actually say dot get and then grab the H ref and just in case there are no H refs or maybe
the link is broken we can give a default in the second parameter and I'll just say not so that.
Now this hack can use append if we just append let's say this time the H ref and I run this look at
that we have all the links on the page.
That's awesome.
But how can we combine the title and a draft now.
Well this should be fairly simple right.
We can use a dictionary.
So in our list we can append a dictionary that has the title which will be the title that we have here
and then also have the link that will be the H ref right over here.
So here now we'll have a dictionary with title and link.
So if I save and run this again.
Look at that we have a dictionary that has a link and also a title awesome.
So we grab the information that we need we grab the link and the text none of the other stuff matters
to us.
But we still have the votes.
So how can we do that.
The votes.
Well we can create a variable or instead of votes just to distinguish it from this.
Let's just say points and points is going to be.
Well what we're going to do.
We're going to grab the votes index.
Remember we're looping through this and we're simply going to say get taxed.
Now let's see what we get initially when we do get taxed so in here I'm just going to print points and
see what we get.
And I'm going to remove the print from here just so we can focus on the points for now so I'm going
to save and run.
All right.
We get an error.
We get all these points but it looks like I get an error saying list index out of range.
And this is a little gotcha that you're going to have to sometimes debug when scraping Web sites.
But essentially what happened here is there is a story and this is a special one that actually doesn't
have any votes which is very rare on the front page of Hacker News.
But this one over here doesn't have any votes.
So essentially what it's saying is I never grabbed the scores the points of this.
So we have technically more links than we have votes.
So by the time we get to the to the last link here.
Well the list of votes is one less.
So it's going to say hey I'm trying to grab the votes at the very end but there's no more votes.
This list is shorter than the links list so we can just do a quick check here to make sure that when
we grab these things that we only care about stories with votes.
And luckily for us this is why we want to check if a story is more than 100 points the way we're going
to do that.
We're going to add an if statement right here.
Now before we add the if statement we actually want to convert this into a number so we can say hey
if a story has more than 100 points then we want to keep it and appended to our new how can use.
So the first thing we want to do is to simply say that we want to convert this into an int but we also
want to replace the points here the space points into well nothing so we can use the dot replace method
and simply say hey anytime you see space points which is what we see over here I want you to replace
that with just an empty string.
So this is going to return for us a string that is a number and then convert it into an integer.
So let's test it at let's close a bracket here hit safe and run our script and there you go.
We have our numbers.
That's great.
But again we still have this error.
So what can we do here.